Now that we've seen the basic defaults that Maven has to offer,
the next question people always ask when learning Maven is great,
how do I override those defaults?
Inevitably,
you have some legacy code or something stuck around that you
have to conform Maven to build to that structure or get it to
produce an artifact of a certain name.
So how do you override those? The build section. As you may remember earlier,
we mentioned that the build section is where we override things of a specific
nature. I'm going to show a few examples from the build section, nothing super
deep, but how to override some of those defaults.
Then we're going to go deeper on the build section in the Plugins module,
which is a later module in this course. Let's go ahead and change the final artifact name of our application that gets built now